well let's take a look I think it's time
to have another card selected let me
give the cards a quick shuffle excellent
you know I would like to have a card
selected by maybe cutting the cards
let's try it in this fashion I would
like you to cut maybe about a quarter of
the deck and flip them over like this
that's good and then maybe cut a little
bit deeper and we'll flip those over
again that way we really get a random
selection you see you wouldn't be
picking one of these you would be taking
say that card right there and in this
case it would be the two of clubs so you
know the idea of what I'm trying to get
you to do excellent I would now ask
somebody to cut about a quarter of the
deck flip those cards over on top and
then cut deeper and flip those cards
over perfect now we have a really random
cutting of the cards and the first card
we come to is the selected card you know
I do believe that is our force card the
ace of hearts yes it is this is the
Balducci force and this is a better
handling of what was also called the cut
deeper force here's how it's handled the
Balducci force this card is going to go
second you see in the cut deeper force
the force card would merely be on the
top of the pack I would then ask
somebody to cut off about a quarter of
the deck or a small group of cards flip
those cards over and then I would ask
them to cut deeper and flip those over
again this way we get a really random
cut to card I would merely spread these
cards over and hand that card out that
would be our force card you see Balducci
had the idea of placing this card our
force card second as I mentioned a
moment earlier you see this way he can
tell his audience if you would cut and
then cut deeper he would then show them
what he wants them to do and that is
they wouldn't be selecting any of these
that would be their card that they cut
to their selection
now by David giving a demonstration and
then putting these cards back into the
pack and a quick shuffle it would seem
far more random when the cards were now
cut after that original demonstration
the force card is on top now at this
point the cards are cut cut deeper we
show what cards are not and not have
been selected those go to the side and
here it is the force card the ace of
hearts that's the Balducci cut deeper
force